Now, it's time to walk through the different resources that we've made
available to you for the remainder of this specialization.
It's important that while you're going through this to take
notes of all the different links and URLs that we're providing to you,
so that you can poke around and get as much out of
this as possible throughout the course of the specialization.
Now, one of the first places you're going to want to check out is
the Qualcomm Developer Network at developer.qualcomm.com.
This is an excellent place to access tools and
resources that will help developers or you,
build and integrate as well as optimize anything that you're developing in this course.
So, just because you've gone and created one of the projects that we've pushed your way,
that doesn't mean that you can't go find out what
other people are developing and kind of adapt
to new models and figure out
some other fun stuff to do with the projects that we've provided you.
You'll also find some very niche documentation on Qualcomm Developer Network.
This is very cool because you can explore deeper into
the different chipsets that are available from Qualcomm,
in particular, the Snapdragon 410E which is used in the DragonBoard 410C.
You'll get access to very specific blogs,
different projects that are available to you there as well,
and contests that you might want to enter.
Every month, I know this in particular,
Qualcomm announced as a developer of the month.
And if you ever have the opportunity to get one of your projects
featured on there it's definitely worth checking out.
Another cool thing about the Qualcomm Developer Network
would be the Qualcomm Snapdragon related announcements.
Now, these are announcements that you'll only
find on the Qualcomm Developer Network or of course,
any of their social media channels,
so definitely check that out.
The 96Boards Website is
what I would like to call the one stop shop for anything 96Boards.
And since the DragonBoard 410C is a 96Boards,
you'll find many, many resources on this Website.
The goal of the 96Boards Website was to reduce
the fragmentation and the redundancies across the web.
So, when you go search for anything that has to do with the DragonBoard,
we hope that you'll find it on the 96boards.org website.
This means that even the things that we just talked
about earlier with the Qualcomm developer network,
a lot of their documentation will still be available
on the DragonBoard landing page within 96boards.org.
Not only is documentation and resources mirrored onto our website,
we also host unique blogs and
projects similar to what the Qualcomm developer network does,
but on a little bit of a different parallel.
So, you might find blogs that are related to DragonBoard 410C.
However, unlike not only just community
sponsored projects we also have projects that are done by 96Boards engineers,
or people within Linaro,
very cool place to check some stuff out.
You'll also find things like compliance, specification,
and all of our different partners that are part of this big initiative.
Along with 96Boards product line,
accessories, and of course mezzanines to expand your development.
This is what I like to call the ultimate crossroads for 96Boards.
96Boards OpenHours.
So, this is a fun little initiative that was put forward in May of last year, May 2016.
Now, the goal of this or the overarching view of
what we wanted out of this was to bring community and
developers together in a live open forum.
Now, since then, we've done tens and tens of episodes.
It's been consistent throughout over a year.
Now, I know that when you're watching this it might not be exactly in that time span,
but we've gone already almost 100 episodes,
we've interviewed people from different industries,
50 plus people we've interviewed,
and we plan on continuing this effort for a long time.
I'm actually the host of the show.
And in general, we see a nice return of about 46 to one currently.
So, that means that one of your community hours, you come,
you attend the show,
you're going to get a return of about 46 hours.
That means that anything you say is well received.
We'd love to have anyone that's interested and join us.
Of course, you have access to our 96Boards and Linaro engineers,
you'll have access to other participants that have been
helping you out through the course of this specialization.
And we'd love to just help you live,
get your questions answered anything around Coursera,
the DragonBoard 410C, bring it to our developers,
bring it to me, and we'll have some fun trying to solve the problems.
In general, the show is open source centric.
So, we do focus on open source projects,
open source initiatives, and it's just a lot of fun.
So, we hope to see you there at 96boards.forward/openhours every week,
Thursday at 4:00 pm, UTC.
So, the time never changes.
Here's some pictures of the things that we've done in OpenHours,
some little fun snippets.
In the slide, you can see here,
we have Lawrence King who is on the top middle.
Hopefully you'll get a chance to see some videos from him,
but he was one of the original creators of the DragonBoard.
So, very privileged to have him on the show on several occasions.
We're also very lucky to have him take part in the specialization.
So he'll be doing some videos as well.
You look on the top right.
We had a huge movement with a bunch of engineers from Brazil.
They all participated, we brought them up to the Qualcomm Thinkabit Lab,
and did a nice episode around,
I think it was five or six projects that they had
done which now are on their way to becoming products.
So, very cool and as you can see
just a fun interactive experience we try to theme it out and have fun.
So, we hope to see you there again.
96Boards community forums.
The 96Boards community forums, is again,
another place where we try to reduce the redundancies and
the fragmentation in the 96Boards Web space.
So we hope this to be a nice place to congregate and bring
your questions as well as help other people in
the community with questions they may have.
A good thing about this particular forum is that you're going to find engineers,
industry professionals from all of
our different partner and member companies who come in,
who are participating with 96Boards to answer your questions.
So for instance, if you have a question about the DragonBoard 410C,
and you don't see anyone from Coursera answering your questions,
you need to go to the 96Boards forums,
there you'll have people from 96Boards,
people from Qualcomm, and the community all
participating to help you get your questions answered.
So, I would definitely suggest checking this out.
You can get questions answered on 96Boards, on mezzanine,
general questions just about the program itself,
specification adjustments, the compliance,
all sorts of cool stuff.
So, please go visit discuss.96boards.org,
there you'll find a bunch of stuff dedicated to helping you, bunch of people.
The 96Boards newsletter is a new initiative that started roughly the beginning of 2017.
You can go visit it at www.96boards.org/digest.
This newsletter is a maximum once per week newsletter.
That is, I would say,
geared towards having fun.
Now, what we do there is we try to provide
a weekly picture or a picture of the week as we call it,
where people from the community,
engineers from around the world can send us some of
the fun stuff that they're doing around 96Boards.
We host the picture,
we give credit of course,
and then we share any social media links.
The digest is also
welcoming of anyone who would like to write little snippets about their company,
about their projects, and we also feature any new projects that become
available on the 96Boards or developer.qualcomm.com websites.
So, another place where we kind of try to get the information
and all the cool stuff that's going around in the 96Boards ecosystem out to you,
and if you would like to participate,
you can always sign up.
We would encourage you to do so.
It's another resource for you to take advantage of.
And also, talking about OpenHours,
we do announce and give insight as to what has happened in the previous week,
and what's going to happen in the next week.
So, this is your kind of way to be ahead of the curve with
regards to OpenHours and what's going to be going on. Definitely sign up.
IRC or otherwise known as
Internet Relay Chat is something that's used in many development communities.
Now, we have several channels available for you to access our engineers 24 hours a day.
I mean 24 hours because we are literally
working in 25 different countries around the world,
at least when I'm talking Linaro 96Boards.
You also have people from Qualcomm and
other companies joining us in this Internet Relay Chat,
available to you live and hopefully,
you can get your questions answered.
There are three channels that I have listed here.
However, there are many more that you could try out but
#96Boards, #OpenHours, and #Linaro.
Ideal opportunities for you to kind of get more involved
and ask us questions in a nice chat environment.
So, it's pretty fun.
I'm there all the time.
I have a particular license or program called IRC Cloud,
you go sign up a costs of few bucks a month,
and you're always signed in.
So, if you were out there pinging me,
you message me, my cell phone lights up.
There are free services such as freenode which is webchat.freenode.net.
That service, I would definitely suggest for trying out if you want
to go in there and just poke around or get a few questions answered, that's great.
However, we'd love to have you as a long term member in any of our chat channels.
So, feel free to join us on any of those hashtags there,
and what does it contribute to the course.
Social media is another great way for you to get a hold of us.
Now, not only getting a hold of us,
but finding out what's new and exciting in the ecosystem that you are joining.
So, you can see I've posted several different outlets here,
YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
You can find links to both 96Boards and
Qualcomm as well as my personal social media outlets.
Personally, I like to make sure that I gear all of
my social media towards helping folks from 96Boards and Linaro.
So, if you are interested in following,
or hanging out with me online,
you can find me there.
If you want to patronize the 96Boards or Qualcomm brands,
then please join us there.
We're available to you and want to make sure that you can utilize these resources.
There's also a lot of really cool things
that many of the people within these companies and myself do.
We go to different events,
we go to different conferences,
we do speeches, and push out videos and workshops.
So, all of this stuff gets outlined
and pushed out through the different social media channels.
Definitely a good opportunity for you to keep in touch
with what's going on in the 96Boards ecosystem.
So, at the end of all of this,
I've summarized the resources here that we've gone over.
You have a list of
not only the Qualcomm developer network resources that you can find there,
all of the 96Boards pages that we've discussed,
and a summary of the social media outlets.
Now, I want to remind you, right here,
you have our freenode IRC cloud chat rooms where you can join,
and get access to us 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Were there kind of just hanging out all the time.
So, make an effort to kind of join us and have some fun
getting more involved with the DragonBoard 410C and the 96Boards community.